.gitignore
.project
.pydevproject
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
READMEinternal.md
bitbucket-pipelines.yml
pyproject.toml
setup.py
unittests.dockerfile
wiliot/__init__.py
wiliot/get_version.py
wiliot/release_notes.txt
wiliot/requirements.txt
wiliot/version.py
wiliot.egg-info/PKG-INFO
wiliot.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
wiliot.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
wiliot.egg-info/not-zip-safe
wiliot.egg-info/requires.txt
wiliot.egg-info/top_level.txt
wiliot/cloud_apis/__init__.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/api_client.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/management/__init__.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/management/management.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/management/examples/__init__.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/management/examples/management_api.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/manufacturing/__init__.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/manufacturing/manufacturing.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/manufacturing/examples/__init__.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/manufacturing/examples/mannufacturing_api.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/security/__init__.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/security/security.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/traceability/__init__.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/traceability/traceability.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/user/__init__.py
wiliot/cloud_apis/user/user.py
wiliot/docs/__init__.py
wiliot/docs/images/GW_APIhighlight.PNG
wiliot/docs/images/__init__.py
wiliot/docs/images/installation1.png
wiliot/docs/images/installation2.png
wiliot/gateway_api/README_GW_API.md
wiliot/gateway_api/__init__.py
wiliot/gateway_api/gateway.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/__init__.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/check_tags.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/gateway_basic.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/gateway_real_time.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/multiple_gateways.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/GUIs/__init__.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/GUIs/gateway_gui.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/GUIs/utils/__init__.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/GUIs/utils/gw_debugger_v2.ui
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/__init__.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/VCRUNTIME140.dll
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/__init__.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/_bz2.pyd
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/_ctypes.pyd
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/_hashlib.pyd
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/_lzma.pyd
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/_socket.pyd
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/_ssl.pyd
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/base_library.zip
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/check_tags.exe
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/check_tags.exe.manifest
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/libcrypto-1_1.dll
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/libssl-1_1.dll
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/pyexpat.pyd
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/python37.dll
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/select.pyd
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/unicodedata.pyd
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/wiliot/__init__.py
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/wiliot/gateway_versions/2.0.6.zip
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/wiliot/gateway_versions/2.0.9.zip
wiliot/gateway_api/examples/wiliot compiled application/check_tags/wiliot/gateway_versions/__init__.py
wiliot/gateway_api/gateway_versions/3.5.2_app.zip
wiliot/gateway_api/gateway_versions/3.5.2_sd_bl_gw_app.zip
wiliot/gateway_api/gateway_versions/3.8.14_app.zip
wiliot/gateway_api/gateway_versions/3.8.14_sd_bl_gw_app.zip
wiliot/gateway_api/gateway_versions/__init__.py
wiliot/gateway_api/gateway_versions/wifi_3.8.14.hex
wiliot/packet_data_tools/__init__.py
wiliot/packet_data_tools/multi_tag.py
wiliot/packet_data_tools/packet.py
wiliot/packet_data_tools/packet_list.py
wiliot/packet_data_tools/process_encrypted_packets.py
wiliot/system_network_tools/__init__.py
wiliot/system_network_tools/packet_monitor.py
wiliot/system_network_tools/run_packet_monitor.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/API_README.md
wiliot/wiliot_testers/README.md
wiliot/wiliot_testers/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/requirements.txt
wiliot/wiliot_testers/test_equipment.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tester_utils.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/wiliot_tester_example.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/wiliot_tester_log.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/wiliot_tester_tag_result.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/wiliot_tester_tag_test.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/calibration_test/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/calibration_test/calibration_test.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/calibration_test/calibration_test_by_tbp.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/config/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/config/equipment_config.json
wiliot/wiliot_testers/docs/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/docs/tester_api_flow.pdf
wiliot/wiliot_testers/docs/wiliot_logo.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/README.md
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/env_install.bat
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/env_install.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/offline_tester.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/offline_tester_example_code.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/offline_utils.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/requirements.txt
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/run_offline_tester.bat
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/tadbik_r2r_controller.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/upload_and_serialize_csv_manually.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/upload_and_serialize_offlne_logs.bat
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/configs/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/configs/gui_inputs_autotests.json
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/configs/gui_printer_inputs_4_Test_do_not_delete.json
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/configs/test_configs.json
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/configs/tests_suites.json
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/docs/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/docs/example_of_timing_diagram.jpg
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/docs/offline_tester_print_sgtin_gui.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/docs/offline_tester_run_gui.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/docs/offline_tester_start_gui.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/docs/r2r_communication_diagram.jpg
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/docs/upload_to_cloud_gui.PNG
wiliot/wiliot_testers/offline/docs/wiliot_logo.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/ComConnect.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/ConfigsGui.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/SampleTest - Calib Mode.launch
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/SampleTest - Test Env.launch
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/SampleTest.launch
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/SampleTest.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/checkPackets.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/getExtId.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/sample_test _calib.bat
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/sample_test.bat
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/sample_test_calib_pip.bat
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/sample_test_pip.bat
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/configs/.default_configs.json
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/configs/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/com_connect.ui
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/comm.gif
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/configs.gif
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/configs.ui
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/refresh.gif
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/reset.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/sample_test.ui
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/save.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/sample/utils/wiliot3.gif
wiliot/wiliot_testers/system_test/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/system_test/system_test_example.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/README.md
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/requirements.txt
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/tal15k_tester.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/tal15k_utils.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/tester_gui_inputs_do_not_delete.p
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/docs/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/docs/tal15k_tester_bad.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/docs/tal15k_tester_closing_GUI.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/docs/tal15k_tester_good.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/docs/tal15k_tester_run_GUI.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/tal15k/docs/tal15k_tester_settings_GUI.png
wiliot/wiliot_testers/yield/__init__.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/yield/inline_functional_testing.py
wiliot/wiliot_testers/yield/run_inline_functional_testing.bat
wiliot/wiliot_testers/yield/configs/.IFT_gui_inputs_do_not_delete.p
wiliot/wiliot_testers/yield/configs/.default_configs.json
wiliot/wiliot_testers/yield/configs/__init__.py